docs(pyroscope.relabel): Clarify scope of `pyroscope.relabel` (#5564)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/pyroscope/pyroscope.relabel.md

# `pyroscope.relabel`

The `pyroscope.relabel` component rewrites the external label set of each profile passed to its receiver by applying one or more relabeling rules and forwards the results to the list of receivers.

If no rules are defined or applicable to some profiles, then those profiles are forwarded as-is to each receiver passed in the component's arguments. 
The profile is dropped if no external labels remain after the relabeling rules are applied.

`pyroscope.relabel` only rewrites labels that are not embedded in the profile itself, such as labels inferred by `pyroscope.scrape` or labels provided through the `/ingest?name=...` query parameter.

> It does not parse or modify labels embedded inside profile payloads like pprof sample labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pyroscope.relabel` only rewrites labels that aren't embedded in the profile itself, such as labels inferred by `pyroscope.scrape` or labels provided through the `/ingest?name=...` query parameter.
It doesn't parse or modify labels embedded inside profile payloads like pprof sample labels.
```

Just a small tweak to use contractions (doc style).
